hello home night madam say yeah my mom
like I like your jewel would you - ah
okay Oh God
hi pal get your tongue don't bow my god
oh you know I'm cup milk
I'm Bob the network up Mui mopping bad
YUM okay go well draw the bow you - yeah
Mui Mui mopping bag yup Bob do that coil
get up yo go ahead up again dungeon look
hey Lambie you look awesome
avoid my weapon from the cup and the
light it right now woman okay
save my diamond plate wha - yo man you
do an idea a bad boy yes a kinder joy
second lap all your junk jungler
but from confinement landing I mean I
can come to Oakland okay way but yeah
but I'm gonna do about
okay then I like man I do about the
endless okay
the crap and tell me